 #prompt 1: act as a expert architect and Android developer that can build Android apps as a senior level developer I want you to develop an app for my to do work but in that app I want to have certain features Willard features.

App should motivate me to just finish the work and task on the plate also it can keep track of data of History so that I can check how many items I have finished how many Target dates I have achieved which tasks are not completed on expected Target date and which are completed on expected Target date also create analysis charts or some kind of squares similar to which we have on GitHub where we see the history and streaks in one large box and each small square inside that box has a green color and it shows how many commits we finished this is all on GitHub so we can use similar theme for our to-do app and one of the analysis chart for history can be done in that way. for each day where we can have colors for completed tasks for green and task in progress yellow tasks that are not completed with the due date are in Orange. You can also come up with your own ideas to show different kind of analysis charts or very visual diagrams that motivate me or show some streaks for certain task. I also need to how sometimes that are repeated on daily basis for that we can have separate options to check if activities completed for that particular day this can have streaks. I really like when I see list in the boxes and once task is completed that box I want to make it green this is my one of the motivators so I feel like I have accomplished so much and also I see that so many items are are in green. First come up with the ideas wire frames and visualizations then I will review with you and once we finalize the design and architecture then you can go ahead for the implementation. I should be able to install this app on my Android phone I have Android Studio installed on my laptop so I can just use it to install it on my mobile phone. Ask any questions that are required in order to develop this app. Make it addictive. You can also add timer functionality in there so that I can set a timer for small task and finish it within that time.



#prompt 2: when I open the app it shows just a black screen and it has all the options to add the tasks and then have the plus sign to add the task. Can you add the functionality so that all the tasks are come as table and each cell of the table will be task so that I can have background of that cell as green yellow orange based on the if task is completed in progress or not completed in Target Target time you can add for each task there will be Target time date and you can show the remaining time. Also I see there is a streak but I want an option to create streaks map for various tasks so for example task one is required to complete a daily so each day I will have I will save this completed and it should keep history of it and so long of it how many days I have completed that activity so I will have separate streaks for separate tasks and one Main streak for General tasks. I also want to have a little bit design on the landing page when user opens the app it should be intuitive and not the black screen also the icon of the app should say flow when user reviews it on his mobile phone. I also want to have more charts or grpahs etc to motivate the user. the timer should have option to set the time and not fixed 25 minutes. it should make some sound at the end when time is over as per the timer. 


#prompt 3: for generic tasks you dont need strek but there will be separate type of tasks that user can selecte where it can show the history streak , when user wanted to add daily or repeted task after certain interval it can get converted to task. for main streak where you have all the general taks each day to complete , it can show the box  as green yellow orange depending on the percentage of number of tasks in each category that is geen yellow orange. if it is complxe to implement then you can find another way to show this kind of visualization , you can use any other ideas. also when user open the app first time , have some dummy data so that user can understand the app. 



#prompt 4: user should have option to edit the task when it's created because I don't see once task is created there is no other option to edit it to add or modify the task. Also there is no option to track if task is completed by given date so you need to check when the task is created so let's say today is 29th of Jan and task has Target date of February 2 then it should calculate the remaining time based on that and also show the color based on if the target date is in the past. I also don't see the option to keep task in progress so that it can show up in yellow on the task are directly going to Green. So again there should be yellow task man it's in progress and when task is not completed by due date then it should have orange color. How's it there needs to be a better organization of task I think currently all the tasks are show up on the landing page so I'm not sure how many tasks it can show after let's say 5 years there are 1000 tasks so are we going to show all the tasks on the landing page no it's not a good design we need to organize it in such a way that there should be limit on how many tasks are visible on the landing page. Also timer should have option directly choose like a drop down to select popular timings like 5 minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes 20 minutes 25 minutes 30 minutes


#prompt 5: when I click on the contribution streak I just see the boxes but I don't see the timeline meaning days months Etc so each box should represent specific day of the calendar so that I can see in the month of January how many times I did the streak that is the concept. I also don't see the specific streaks how can I access for recurring tasks. There should be correspond corresponding streak for each recurring task and there should be a way to look at it and should be easy to navigate for users from the task or you can represent it in some other way if it makes sense. In the timer is not working when I start the timer it stops after 1 second. Also on the top it says 0% in Daily completion but when I add task as completed it's not showing that percentage completion for that particular day so the idea is the top bar should change based on how many tasks are completed for that day versus how many tasks are targeted on that day based on are they clean yellow or orange. So this kind of coordination should happen between tasks creation date task completion date and the top bar where it shows daily task completion and General Street box for General contribution where it shows the streaks.


 #prompt 6: On the tasks there is no mention or display of start date and date or completion Target date so user does not know which day this task belong to. For recurring tasks Titan completion date should be same date as today. In the street section where we see big box and small cells for each day of the month we want to store all the history for all the years and months so it should show similar boxes for recurring streaks. It should consider the current calendar and actual date and time of current day. For example today's 29th January it should show task is completed on 29th January and the Box on the street should be exactly of 29th January. In the timer when it completes it disappears, instead of disappearing it should show that your time is over or similar theme and it should play some notification sound that timer is over. When we click pause for the timer the timer displays disappearing and when we restarting it it's coming back at the same place where we left or pause the timer now this functionality is working correctly just that the behavior when we pause the timer it should day on the same display and should not disappear. also make it user freindly to understand all the functions of rthe app so that new users can quickly understand it. A lot of functions are feel like they are hidden unles user know how to use the app. you can creare some intro tutorial on how to use the app and add it when user first time opens the app. 



 #prompt 7: When we long press the task it opens the edit box but it still shows the time left or due in hours but instead of that I need Target date and time for the selection from the user and same should be displayed on the task it also should have default started as today's date that is when task is created or user can change that time and date if they want to. Same logic applies to Target date. Also when timer is completed it's not showing the display message where it says your timer is over or something similar. Also reset is not working correctly but restart button is working correctly for the timer can you please test and see the functionality is working correctly . The pause button should show once we click it at what point of time we passed it but instead of that it's just disappears currently and when we start it just start back from the last point of time where it was paused. Also in the hit the maps where we show The Streak last 3 months are not showing at the boxes and it's showing Green Box for October month instead of 29th January 2026 it should follow the real calendar real life calendar such that whenever we create task start date and end date will be attached to it by default started in India should be today's date or whenever that task was created.



 #prompt 8: In the heat map I see that boxes are looking correct and it shows the month on the top I just wanted to fix the left hand labels for weekdays so that I don't have to scroll to the left on the way to the beginning where I can see the weekdays like Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday. It should help fixed on the left hand side and scrolling should just happen for the boxes and everything else looks good. Currently one morning instruction will not shown when I restarted the app it means it's insery installed right so on the first go it should show the onboarding steps also there should be some place where I can go back and see this steps on how to use this app. When I change the date on the task started and ended then it's not getting reflected in the heat map so for example I changed the date of task from 29th January to 28th January but on the heat map it's still showing green box on Thursday which is 29th it should get changed to 28 that is Wednesday

